Update environment setup guides (#4832)
bcgov/cas-registration: docs/developer-environment-setup-mac-os.md

## Backend Environment Setup

Ensure you have completed the [App Environment Variables](#app-environment-variables) section before continuing.

1. From the terminal, cd into directory `cas-registration/bc_obps`.
2. Run `make install_dev_tools`. This will install asdf plugins and poetry. To activate the virtual environment after setup, run `eval $(poetry env activate)`. To exit run `deactivate`.
3. Run `make install_poetry_deps` to install all python dependencies.
4. Run `make start_pg` to start the postgres server if it is not already running.
5. Create a PostgreSQL role for your local user matching `DB_USER` in your `.env` (asdf-managed postgres only has the `postgres` superuser by default):
   ```bash

>    psql -h localhost -U postgres -c "CREATE USER your_db_user WITH SUPERUSER PASSWORD 'your_db_password';"

Reviewer: leaving the password empty is recommended for local installs, it'll let you login from your shell user (if they match).

Then we also need to create a default db for that user to be able to login without specifying anything

```suggestion
   psql -h localhost -U postgres -c "CREATE USER <your_shell_user> WITH SUPERUSER; CREATE DATABASE <your_shell_user>;"
```
